hey guys it's rice 5-1-1
again here today with another episode
today I'm just gonna show you my
progress on the prototype of the dual
action assassin's creed hidden blade
it's not done yet
as you can probably tell but it is
getting pretty close I've been working
on this pretty hard and it wasn't
working at one stage so I had to go in
and try and find the problem but that's
all sold and it's looking pretty good
yeah you can see inside there so now I
will just take care of a heel and I will
show you what how it's working so far
alright so basically you have your three
parts you have the base with these
little tabs with these tabs here and
then you have your blade with the knob
and their railing on bone which slips in
this blade slips into here you can see
it's on the railing and when I put the
back heel on that little bit of rubber
there will stop it from making a noise
when it comes back in and the way I tell
the difference from the bottom is
there's a little line there alright sir
you place that on top now we're ready to
do
see it comes out retracts back in and
then when it comes out it um walks and
it comes back in it can't come back I'm
sorry so you can see I'm getting pretty
close to finishing this and when I
finished it our person not a video but
this is just the update for it and
please rate comment and subscribe and I
will be showing more update videos on
this and once I've completed full fully
completed this one then um I'll make a
video on that
another thing I've made is just this
little knife kind of thing but yeah it's
not really complete yet but I'll
probably make a video on that when it's
done alright so thanks for watching
please rate comment and subscribe